DETERMINATION BUT WE CAN SAY
THAT AT THE VERY LEAST THERE
APPEARS TO BE A HUGE
INCONSISTENCY BETWEEN WHAT
MICHAEL COHEN TOLD THE HOUSE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE LAST
WEEK AND WHAT ACTUALLY
HAPPENED.
AT THAT HEARING LAST
WEDNESDAY, MICHAEL COHEN
SAID VERY CLEARLY THAT HE
NEVER ENTERTAINED THE IDEA
OF A PARDON BY THE PRESIDENT
NOR WOULD HE.
LET'S LISTEN TO THAT PART OF
HIS TESTIMONY RIGHT NOW.
>> I HAVE NEVER ASKED FOR
NOR WOULD I ACCEPT A PARDON
FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP.
>> TUESDAY OF THIS WEEK WE
LEARNED THAT COHEN'S FORMER
ATTORNEY RYAN PICTURED ON
THE LEFT BESIDE COHEN HAD IN
FACT APPROACHED TRUMP'S
LEGAL TEAM INCLUDING RUDY
GIULIANI ABOUT THE
POSSIBILITY OF A PARDON.
THIS WAS AFTER THE FBI
RAIDED COHEN'S HOME,
OFFICES, ET CETERA.
AND TODAY THIS STATEMENT
FROM COHEN'S SPOKESMAN LANNY
DAVIS CLARIFYING WHAT COHEN
TOLD THE COMMITTEE LAST
WEEK.
PRIOR TO MICHAEL COHEN'S
DECISION TO LEAVE THE JOINT
DEFENSE GROUP AND TELL THE
TRUTH ON JULY 2ND, 2018,
MICHAEL WAS OPEN TO THE
ONGOING DANGLING OF A
POSSIBLE PARDON BY TRUMP
REPRESENTATIVES PRIVATELY
AND IN THE MEDIA.
DURING THAT TIME HE DIRECTED
HIS ATTORNEY, THAT WOULD BE
STEVEN RYAN, TO EXPLORE
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT
ONE POINT WITH TRUMP LAWYER
RUDY GIULIANI AS WELL AS
OTHER LAWYERS ADVISING
PRESIDENT TRUMP.
BUT AFTER JULY 2ND, 2018
MR. COHEN AUTHORIZED ME, AS
A NEW LAWYER, TO SAY
PUBLICLY MR. COHEN WOULD
NEVER ACCEPT A PARDON FROM
PRESIDENT TRUMP EVEN IF
OFFERED.
THAT CONTINUES TO BE THE
CASE.
AND HIS STATEMENT AT THE
OVERSIGHT HEARING WAS TRUE
AND CONSISTENT WITH HIS POST
JOINT DEFENSE AGREEMENT
COMMITMENT TO TELL THE
TRUTH.
RUDY GIULIANI WOULD NOT
CONFIRM WHETHER STEVEN RYAN
HAD APPROACHED HIM ABOUT A
PARDON BUT RUDY DID TELL FOX
NEWS THAT WHENEVER THEY ARE
ASKED ABOUT A PARDON BY ANY
ATTORNEY OR INDIVIDUAL THEY
GIVE THE FOLLOWING STANDARD
ANSWER, QUOTE:  THE
PRESIDENT HAS SAID HE WILL
NOT CONSIDER ANY PARDONS
NOW, OF COURSE, THAT DOESN'T
MEAN THAT HE IN ANY WAY IS
DIMINISHING HIS
CONSTITUTIONAL POWER TO MAKE
THOSE DECISIONS IN THE
FUTURE.
I MEAN, CLEARLY HERE, BILL,
THERE IS A LOT OF PARSING
GOING ON ON THE PART OF
MICHAEL COHEN'S
REPRESENTATIVES.
AT NO TIME DURING THAT
CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY LAST
WEEK -- NOW WE DO NOT KNOW
WHAT HE SAID IN THE CLOSED
HEARINGS.
IN THAT OPEN HEARING AT NO
TIME DID HE EVER SAY I NEVER
ASKED FOR A PARDON AFTER
JULY 2ND, 2018 BUT DID I
BEFORE JULY 2ND, 2018.
HE SIMPLY SAID VERY PLAINLY
AS YOU CAN SEE I NEVER ASKED
FOR NOR WOULD I ACCEPT A
PARDON FROM THE PRESIDENT OF